Add ADR 10 for a Container Registry (#60)
MinBZK/ai-validation: docs/ADRs/0010-container-registry.md

[Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/),
[GitHub Container Registry](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-container-registry),
[Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR)](https://aws.amazon.com/ecr/),
[Azure Container Registry (ACR)](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/container-registry),
[Google Artifact Registry (GAR)](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry),
[Red Hat Quay](https://www.quay.io/),
[GitLab Container Registry](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/packages/container_registry/),
[Harbor](https://goharbor.io/),
[Sonatype Nexus Repository Manager](https://www.sonatype.com/products/sonatype-nexus-repository),
[JFrog Artifactory](https://jfrog.com/help/r/jfrog-artifactory-documentation).

## Assumptions

* We do not want to host our own registry.
* The images we create can be kept private or publicly shared.
* For development and testing, images should be kept private to prevent accidental use of unfinished products.
* Images we provide are safe and secure. This means a container registry should have the option to (continuously) verify
the security status of an image.

> * Tags are immutable, to prevent image tags from being overwritten.

Reviewer: i think this is a way of working. We might want to overwrite a tag

Author: True. I have seen strange behaviour and expectations though with overwriting tags, which is why I mentioned this explicitely.

Author: ```suggestion
* By configuration, tags can be made immutable, to prevent image tags from being overwritten.
```

> * The registry keeps logs of events regarding images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The registry keeps logs of events regarding containers.
```

> * The registry offers a proven security access model (IAM/RBAC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The registry needs to have a Role Based Access model.
```

* No additional IAM / signup setup is required.
* We can use a kubernetes authorisation token to pull images.
* The registry has support for scheduled deletion of images by criteria.

## Decision

We will use [GitHub Container Registry](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-container-registry).

This aligns best with the previously made choices for GitHub as a [code repository](0002-code-platform.md) and [CI/CD workflow](0003-ci-cd.md).

## Risks

> Traditionally, Docker Hub has been the place to publish images. Therefor our images may be more difficult to discover.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Traditionally, Docker Hub has been the place to publish images. Therefore, our images may be more difficult to discover.
```

The following assumptions are not (directly) covered by the chosen registry:

* Security scans are not implemented by default, meaning we should find another solution to cover this,
for example by using a [GitHub Action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/container-scan).
* Private packages are limited by space and an additional license may be required, see [Billing for GitHub Packages](https://docs.github.com/en/billing/managing-billing-for-github-packages/about-billing-for-github-packages).
* It is unclear if it is possible to overwrite tags.
* Removing images by criteria is not implemented by default, but could be solved using a [GitHub Action](https://github.com/bots-house/ghcr-delete-image-action).

## Consequences

> By using GitHub Container Registry we have a container registry we can use both internally as well as share with others.

Reviewer: I would add something that this has low impace and we can always move to another registry since the OCI is standardized

Author: ```suggestion
By using GitHub Container Registry we have a container registry we can use both internally as well as share with others. This has low impact, we can always move to another registry since the [Open Container Initiative](https://opencontainers.org/about/overview/) is standardized.
```
